This example demonstrates the ability of FIQ interrupts to interrupt the excut-
ing isr of an IRQ interrupt

Specifications:
1. This example runs on an IAR LPC2103 evaluation board
2. Developed using EWARM ver 4.20/4.30
3. Set up IRQ isrs to execute directly, this requires instruction at address 0x18
   to be ldr pc,[pc,#-0xFF0]. ISRs must be written in ARM mode and have __irq
   and __arm keywords in declaration and definition
4. Set up Timer0 to interrupt at approximately six second intervals
5. ISR for Timer0 will transmit blink leds 4-8 in the forward direction
6. Configure External Interrupt 2, which is connected to a button on the IAR LPC2103
   evaluation board, as a FIQ
7. EXTINT2 ISR will blink LEDs 10-13 in the backward direction
8. When Timer0 ISR is executing, the button connected to EXTINT2 can be
   pressed, demonstrating that EXTINT2 will interrupt the execution of Timer0
   ISR, and will execute to completion. Afer EXTINT2 ISR completes execution,
   Timer0 ISR will continue execution until completion
9. foreground task is while(TRUE);
10.Trap other exceptions with exception handler while(TRUE)

Author: Mark Moran
Last Date Modified: 30 Dec 05
Status: Works as specified when running out of RAM
Status:
- Works when running out of RAM with JLINK.

Copyright: IAR Systems Software Inc. 2005
Disclaimer: This code is furnished "as is" solely for the purpose of
illustrating how to use the IAR Embedded Workbench integrated development
environment to create code for NXP LPC2xxx ARM7 microcontrollers, and to
illustrate the use of peripherals of that part. Every effort has been made to
ensure that this example works according to the above specifications. Code in
this example may be used freely for any purpose with the understanding that
IAR Systems Software assumes no further responsibility for accuracy or
reliability once it has been partly or fully copied into another application.
By using any portion of this code in other applications,the user takes full
responsibility for code at that time.

